# Things to be proud of

- The purpose of this document is to record things that I've enjoyed doing or feel proud of; to record what I've gotten out of my journey in studying Computer Science; and to express anything else that will help remind me of the good in my life.

## Here are some accomplishments or other things I've liked about my journey:

- On Sunday afternoon, April 5, 2020, I stretched and meditated prior to studying JavaScript for 3 pomodoros (1.5 hours). I learned about Test Driven Development (TDD) [link](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/fundamentals-part-4). I got to use jasmine to test helloWorld and edit it to make sure that it passes the test. I learned something super basic in doing so, which was that I can define the parameters within the parentheses of `function()`, e.g. `const removeFromArray = function(array) { ... }`. I also set a goal of doing 3 sets of math practice in the evening 

- On Saturday, April 4, 2020, I set a goal of studying math for six sets. I studied 3 sets in the afternoon and 6 sets after midnight on Sunday, April 5, 2020\. Another set. Now, I can find out the angle in a quadrilateral inscribed in a circle given the opposite angle, since opposite angles are supplementary. I can figure out the center and radius of a circle from its expanded equation (e.g. `x^2 + 2x + y^2 + y 2 = 0`) by converting it into the standard equation of `(x-h)^2 + (y-k)^2 = radius^2` with an intermediate equation of `(x^2 + 2x+ h) + (y^2 + y + k) = -2 + h + k`. I can also find out the arc measure, length, etc.

- On April 1-3, 2020, I finished the Critical Thinking exam after 2 hours and put in about 3 hours of studying into preparing for it!
- I finished 3 sets of Javascript on March 31, 2020\. I learned about the difference between prefix and postfix operators! The prefix will do the operation and return the new value. The postfix will do the operation and return the old value, e.g. `i++` if i was 3 will return 3.
- I figured out [Loops 2](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Test_your_skills:_Loops). The [solution](/home/richardtvu/the_odin_project/richardtvu.github.io/notes/top_notes/javascript-fundamentals/loops/skills-test/loops2-download.html) is to check each element; extract and lower case the name portion, i.e. `phonebook[i].name.toLowerCase()`; lowercase the name that was given and compare the two names; and then, if a match was found, then append the result to the paragraph element.
- I was able to figure out the solution to [Loops 1](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Test_your_skills:_Loops), which was to create a separate bullet element, append the word to the text content of that bullet, and then append the bullet to the list element! [Solution](/home/richardtvu/the_odin_project/richardtvu.github.io/notes/top_notes/javascript-fundamentals/loops/skills-test/loops1.html).
- I remembered a lot of arrays stuff like push, pop.
- I was able to pass Antra's tech interview and get an offer, which is my first tech offer. God bless Rohit.
- Coming up with the idea to make this document! This document arose as response to my fear that I'd put in a lot of hard work to study computer science only to waste my time and get rejected from jobs. To tackle that fear, which will likely come up in my deepest lows again and again, I wanted a way to remind myself that I have indeed gotten something out of studying and that I haven't wasted my time!
